IS-1305 Initial version of configuration document (#1744)
hyperledger/indy-sdk: docs/configuration.md

to a single Node and expect a State Proof.

Libindy allows the building and sending of custom requests via a pluggable interface (like Payment).
`indy_register_transaction_parser_for_sp` API function allows registering of State Proof parsers for these custom requests.

#### Wallet

* Storage Type - libindy allows plugging different wallet implementations which handles storage layers. 
Out of box Libindy uses Sqlite as a storage.
`indy_register_wallet_storage` function allows registering of custom wallet storage implementation passing the set of callbacks.

* Wallet Configuration
```
{
  "id": string, Identifier of the wallet.
        Configured storage uses this identifier to lookup exact wallet data placement.
  "storage_type": string (optional), Type of the wallet storage. Defaults to 'default'.
                 'Default' storage type allows to store wallet data in the local file.
                 Custom storage types can be registered with indy_register_wallet_storage call.
  "storage_config": object (optional), Storage configuration json. Storage type defines set of supported keys.
                    Can be optional if storage supports default configuration.

>                     For 'default' storage type configuration is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    Configuration for 'default' storage type:
```

  {
    "path": string (optional), Path to the directory with wallet files.
            Defaults to $HOME/.indy_client/wallet.
            Wallet will be stored in the file {path}/{id}/sqlite.db
  }
}
```

* Wallet Credentials
```
{
  "key": string, Key or passphrase used for wallet key derivation.
                 Look to key_derivation_method param for information about supported key derivation methods.
  "storage_credentials": optional<object> Credentials for wallet storage. Storage type defines set of supported keys.
                         Can be optional if storage supports default configuration.

>                          For 'default' storage type should be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                         Should be empty for 'default' storage type.
```

  "key_derivation_method": optional<string> Algorithm to use for wallet key derivation:
                         ARGON2I_MOD - derive secured wallet master key (used by default)

>                          ARGON2I_INT - derive secured wallet master key (less secured but faster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                         ARGON2I_INT - derive secured wallet master key (less secure but faster)
```

                         RAW - raw wallet key master provided (skip derivation).
                               RAW keys can be generated with indy_generate_wallet_key call
}
```

#### Payment

> Libindy provides generic API for building of payment-related transactions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libindy provides a generic API for building payment-related transactions. 
```

> These functions look at registered payment methods and call corresponded handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These functions look at registered payment methods and call corresponding handlers.
```

> Out-of-box Libindy doesn't not provide support of any payment method, but there is `indy_register_payment_method` API function to register a payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libindy doesn't provide default support of any payment method. There is `indy_register_payment_method` API function to register a payment method.
```

> So any payment method like Sovrin tokens, Bitcoin tokens, Visa and etc can be plugged into Libindy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any payment method (e.g., Sovrin tokens, Bitcoin, Visa, etc.) may be added to Libindy through plugins.
```

#### Logging

> Libindy provides two ways on Logger initialization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libindy provides two options for Logger initialization:
```

Library user can provide a custom logger implementation by passing a set of handlers which will be called in correspondent cases.

#### Error Handling

Every Libindy API function returns an error code that indicates result status of function execution. 
Some of errors occur in only one specific case but some are common for different functions.
Libindy provides `indy_get_current_error` function which allows getting of details for last occurred error in additional to an error code.

This function should be called in two places to handle both cases of error occurrence:
1) synchronous  - in the same application thread
2) asynchronous - inside of function callback

#### Runtime
`indy_set_runtime_config` function allows setting of Libindy runtime configuration. 
```
{
    "crypto_thread_pool_size": int (optional) - size of thread pool for the most expensive crypto operations like keys generation. (4 by default)
    "collect_backtrace": Optional<bool> - whether errors backtrace should be collected.
        Capturing of backtrace can affect library performance.
        NOTE: must be set before invocation of any other API functions.
}
```

## Indy-CLI

> There is Command Line Interface (CLI) built over Libindy which provides a set of commands to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a Command Line Interface (CLI) built over Libindy which provides a set of commands to:
```

* Manage wallets
* Manage pool configurations
* Manage DIDs

> * Sending transactions to ledger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Send transactions to the ledger
```

#### Options
* -h and --help - Print usage. (usage: `indy-cli --help`)

* --logger-config - Init logger according to a config file. <br>
                    Indy Cli uses [log4rs](https://crates.io/crates/log4rs) logging framework <br>
                    Usage: `indy-cli --logger-config <path-to-config-file>` <br>
                    Example: `indy-cli --logger-config logger.yml` <br>

>                     An example of config file can be found [here](../cli/logger.yml) <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    An example config file can be found [here](../cli/logger.yml) <br>
```

                    By default no logger initialized.
            

> * --plugins - Load custom plugins in Libindy like wallet storage type, payment or else. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* --plugins - Load custom plugins in Libindy (e.g., wallet storage type, payment, etc.) <br>
```

              Usage: `indy-cli --plugins <lib-1-name>:<init-func-1-name>,...,<lib-n-name>:<init-func-n-name>)` <br>
              Example: `indy-cli --plugins libnullpay.so:nullpay_init`

* --config - Define config file for CLI initialization. <br>
             Usage: `indy-cli --config <path-to-config-json-file>` <br>
             Example: `indy-cli --config linux-sample-config.json`

#### Config

> Indy-CLI supports initialization with predefined config file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indy-CLI supports initialization with a predefined config file. 
```

A config file can contain the following fields:
```
{
  "loggerConfig": string, - path to a logger config file (is equal to usage of "--logger-config" option)
  "plugins": string, - a list of plugins to load in Libindy (is equal to usage of "--plugins" option)
  "taaAcceptanceMechanism": string - transaction author agreement acceptance mechanism to use for sending write transactions to the Ledger.
}
```

> An example of config file can be found [here](../cli/linux-sample-config.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example config file can be found [here](../cli/linux-sample-config.json)
```

#### Execution mode

> Indy-CLI will support 2 execution modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indy-CLI supports two execution modes:
```

* Interactive. In this mode CLI will read commands from terminal interactively (command by command).

> * Batch. In this code all commands will be read from file or pipe and executed in series. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Batch. In this mode all commands will be read from file or pipe and executed in series. <br>
```

Usage: `indy-cli <path-to-file>` <br>

> An example of file congaing batch script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a batch script:
```
